Updated Set-MpPreference cmdlet - task - 6669854 (#3115)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2019-ps/defender/Set-MpPreference.md

Accept wildcard characters: False
```

### -ScanScheduleTime

> Specify the time of day to run a scheduled scan. The time refers to the local time on the computer. Specify the number of minutes after midnight (for example, enter 60 for 1 a.m.). That parameter has a default time of two hours after midnight (2:00 a.m.).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies the time of day to run a scheduled scan. The time refers to the local time on the computer. Specify the number of minutes after midnight (for example, enter 60 for 1 a.m.). This parameter has a default time of two hours after midnight (2 a.m.).
```
